<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>About EPUB</title>
  <link href="../Styles/styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2 id="about_epub">EPUB이란?</h2>

  <p>The EPUB (electronic publication) format is one of the most popular file formats for ebooks. It is an open and freely available standard that can be used by anyone.</p>

  <p>EPUB(전자 출판) 형식은 가장 널리 사용되는 전자책 파일 형식 중 하나입니다. 누구나 사용할 수 있는 개방적이고 자유롭게 사용할 수 있는 표준입니다.</p>
  
  <p>An EPUB ebook is simply a collection of files each with different functionality stored together using the common zip format. These files include your words, images, Table of Contents, stylesheets, fonts and details about your book like author or title. EPUB’s standard format means your book can be read on many e-readers or converted easily to other e-readers not using EPUB.</p>

  <p>EPUB 전자책은 서로 다른 기능을 가진 파일을 하나로 묶은 일반적인 zip 형식의 압축 파일입니다. EPUB에 포함되는 파일에는 HTML, 이미지, 목차, 스타일시트, 글꼴 및 저자나 제목과 같은 책에 대한 세부 정보가 포함됩니다. EPUB의 표준 형식은 책을 많은 e-리더에서 읽거나 EPUB를 사용하지 않는 다른 e-리더로 쉽게 변환할 수 있음을 의미합니다.</p>
  
  <p>Your EPUB stores your words and text in the book using the an XML form called XHTML of the HTML format (Hyper Text Markup Language) – the same code used by web pages to display text and images). This just means that the files contain your text along with markup codes and tags (like <span class="example">&lt;h1&gt;</span> or <span class="example">&lt;p&gt;</span>) which tell e-readers how to format and display the text – some words could be bold or italic, others could be a paragraph or a heading, etc.</p>

<p>EPUB은 XHTML이라는 HTML(Hyper Text Markup Language) 기반의 XML을 사용하여 책에 단어와 텍스트를 저장합니다. 이는 웹페이지에서 텍스트와 이미지를 표시하는 데 사용하는 것과 동일한 컴퓨터 언어입니다. 이는 파일에 마크업 코드 및 태그와 함께 텍스트가 포함되어 있음을 의미합니다.(예: <span class="example">&lt;h1&gt;</span> 또는 <span class="example">&lt;p&gt;</span>) 마크업 코드와 태그는 전자책 뷰어에게 텍스트의 형식을 지정하고 표시하는 방법을 알려줍니다. 일부 단어는 굵게 또는 기울임꼴로 사용할 수 있고 다른 단어는 단락이나 제목 등으로 사용할 수 있습니다.</p>
  
  <p>In addition to XHTML tags to control or style the layout, EPUB books typically make use of stylesheets to help organise the use of styles used by the XHTML files. A stylesheet is another file in the EPUB that contains a list of XHTML tags, classes, and selectors along with instructions on how to display any text using that matches the tag, class or selector, e.g. <span class="example">&lt;h1&gt;</span> (heading level 1) should be larger and centered. This allows you to separate the content of your book from its layout and allows you to easily adjust the look of the EPUB.</p>

  <p>책의 구조를 잡고 구성 요소의 기본 스타일을 지정하는 XHTML 태그 외에도 EPUB은 일반적으로 스타일시트(CSS:Cascading Style Sheets)를 사용하여 책 본문의 스타일을 편집합니다. 스타일시트는 XHTML 태그, 클래스 및 선택자라는 요소를 이용해 텍스트에 원하는 스타일을 지정하는 컴퓨터 언어입니다. EPUB에서는 별도의 스타일시트 파일을 만들어 스타일을 적용하도록 권장하지만 HTML 파일 내부나 태그에 직접 스타일시트를 적용할 수 있습니다. 예를 들어 <span class="example">&lt;h1&gt;</span>(제목 수준 1)을 장 제목으로 사용하지만 스타일시트를 이용해 기본 글자 크기 보다 글자를 키우고 가운데로 정렬할 수 있습니다. 이런 방식으로 스타일시트를 이용해 책의 본문을 편집자가 원하는 형태로 편집할 수 있습니다.</p>
  
  <p>Of course, when anyone actually reads an EPUB they don’t see all these XHTML files or stylesheets. The e-reader just displays the text and images like a normal book or web browser – as close as it can to the formatting you defined, even if there are thousands of pages or files.</p>

  <p>물론 독자는 XHTML 파일의 태그나 스타일시트를 볼 수는 없습니다. 전자책 뷰어는 일반 책이나 웹 브라우저처럼 텍스트와 이미지를 표시하기 때문에 본문의 분량과 상관 없이 편집자가 원하는 모양으로 독자들에게 보여 줄 수 있습니다.</p>
  
  <p>You don’t have to understand all the details of the EPUB format or understand XHTML formatting codes to start using Sigil. However, if you spend any time with Sigil you will soon need to become familiar with these areas in order to get the most out of the advanced features of Sigil, and, ultimately, to achieve the design you want.</p>

  <p>처음 Sigil을 사용하는 초보 전자책 편집자라면 EPUB의 모든 세부 사항을 이해하거나 XHTML 코드를 이해할 필요는 없습니다. 그러나 전문적인 전자책 편집자로 나아가려면 Sigil의 고급 기능을 최대한 활용하고 궁극적으로 원하는 대로 책을 편집하기 위해 HTML과 CSS애 익숙해져야 합니다.</p>
  
  <div class="tip">
    <p class="tiptext">Text files are stored in XHTML format (an XML compliant version of HTML), but to make the guide easier to read we’ll use HTML or XHTML almost interchangeably.</p>
  </div>

  <p>Sigil is designed to fully work with both the older version 2 of the EPUB standard or the newer EPUB3 standard.</p>

  <div class="tip">
    <p class="tiptext">Even though Sigil is designed to work with EPUB files, the EPUB format can easily be converted to other ebook formats like MOBI.</p>
  </div>

  <p>To learn more about HTML you can read various online guides, including:</p>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html/">W3Schools HTML Guide</a></li>
  </ul>

  <p>Help with on the EPUB format is available from EPUB users at MobileRead:</p>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.mobileread.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=179">EPUB Forum @ MobileRead</a></li>
  </ul>

 <p>Help with using Sigil itself is available from users at MobileRead:</p>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.mobileread.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=203">Sigil Forum @ MobileRead</a></li>
  </ul>
  <p>If you really want to dig into the details of the official EPUB standard on which Sigil is built you can read the original technical specifications:</p>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="http://idpf.org/epub/201">Official EPUB 2.0.1 IDPF Standard</a> <br/> <a href="http://idpf.org/epub/30">Official EPUB 3.0 IDPF Standard</a> <br/> <a href="https://www.w3.org/publishing/epub32/epub-spec.html">Official EPUB 3.2 (Current Standard)</a>


    <ul>
      <li><span class="listheading">OPS (Open Publication Structure):</span> The key specification which describes everything in an EPUB file.</li>

      <li><span class="listheading">OPF (Open Packaging Format):</span> How the EPUB files relate to each other, metadata details (<span class="example">content.opf</span>).</li>

      <li><span class="listheading">OCF (OEBPS Container Format):</span> How files are packaged into a <span class="example">.epub</span> file.</li>
    </ul></li>
  </ul>

  <div class="tip">
    <p class="tiptext">You can <a href="https://github.com/Sigil-Ebook/sigil-user-guide/releases/latest">download the EPUB version of the Sigil User Guide</a>, which was created entirely in Sigil, and view it in Sigil to see an example of an EPUB ebook.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
