<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Features</title>
  <link href="../Styles/styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 id="features">Features</h1>

  <p class="h1subheading">— An In-Depth Guide —</p>

  <p>This section gives a quick overview of all of Sigil’s features, followed by chapters detailing everything available in Sigil.</p>

  <p>You can also read the <a href="tutorials.xhtml">Tutorials</a> section for step-by-step instructions for common tasks in Sigil, and then refer back here for additional details.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_editing">Editing</h3>

  <p>You edit your book using Code View. The Code View editor allows you to directly edit the XHTML formatting of your files to give you complete control over your book and will allow you to use all of Sigil’s advanced features. You can use Sigil’s live Preview window with Code View to show you what your page will look like as you type.</p>

  <p>*NOTE*: Book View and its WYSIWYG editing was removed from Sigil in version 0.9.15. See <a href="external_xhtml_editor.xhtml">this chapter on integrating PageEdit with Sigil</a> as an alternative WYSIWYG editing mechanism.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_find_and_replace">Find &amp; Replace</h3>

  <p>The ability to search for or replace text is one of the most powerful functions in Sigil. You can search or replace in one file or in all the files at once, and you can search for simple text or use Regular Expressions to change or correct text or formatting. You can also use Saved Searches to store your searches for reuse.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_files">Managing Files</h3>

  <p>The Book Browser organises all the files in your EPUB by type and gives you quick access to open files or to modify them. Double-click a file to open it in the editing window, or right-click on selected files to see options for renaming, moving, deleting, merging, adding, linking stylesheets, etc. The XHTML files are listed in the order they appear in your book – and you can drag and drop them to reorder them. You can also easily add or insert files into your book.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_toc">Table of Contents</h3>

  <p>The Table of Contents (TOC) window shows you exactly what your TOC will look like, and allows you to jump to specific chapters by clicking on chapter names. You can also generate a new TOC based on headings in your book at any time, edit the TOC directly, and create an HTML version of your TOC.</p>

  <p>Please note that in EPUB3 books the Table of Contents window will display the contents of nav.xhtml  (NAV) instead of toc.ncx to match the EPUB3 specification.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_metadata">Modifying Book Details</h3>

  <p>The Metadata Editor provides a quick way to update book details like Title, Author, and Language. You can add any of the hundreds of standard EPUB metadata entries like publication date, co-authors, copyright information, etc.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_preferences">Preferences</h3>

  <p>Many settings in Sigil can be customised in the Preferences window. In particular you can set Sigil’s user interface language, keyboard shortcuts, which entities you would like to preserve in your code, text appearance, dictionaries, and automatic level of formatting and cleaning along with User Interface options, icon sizing, and plugin management.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_validation">Validation</h3>

  <p>Sigil includes a basic sanity check to make sure your code is at the minimum well-formed for parsing. To do more advanced checking you can install either the <a href="https://github.com/Sigil-Ebook/flightcrew/releases/latest">FightCrew plugin</a> or the <a href="https://www.mobileread.com/forums/showpost.php?p=2950625">epubcheck plugin</a> for more complete validation of your EPUB. Also included inside Sigil is the ability to easily validate your CSS via an online CSS Validation website service.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_reports">Reports</h3>

  <p>Reports can be generated to display details about your files including size, number of words, whether images are in use, which styles are used, characters in the book, etc.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_spellchecking">Spellchecking</h3>

  <p>You can check the spelling of your text using the powerful Spellcheck dialog that allows you to see all misspelled words and to save them to a dictionary or correct them. Multiple user dictionaries can be created and you can use one or more dictionaries simultaneously.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_tools">Advanced Tools</h3>

  <p>Sigil has a number of custom tools to assist with creating your ebook – including Saved Searches to save your Find &amp; Replace searches, and Clips to save and paste text or styles. Unused images and styles can be removed automatically, files can be edited with external programs, and you can jump directly to styles used by HTML code.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="overview_language">Language Support</h3>

  <p>Sigil has been translated into over 25 languages and makes it easy to change the user interface language as needed. It is written in C++ for high performance and includes full Unicode UTF-8 support.</p>
</body>
</html>