<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <link href="../Styles/styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 id="introduction">Introduction</h1>

  <p class="h1subheading">— Sigil: The EPUB Editor —</p>

  <p>Welcome to the Sigil User Guide – updated for Sigil 1.8.0 and later.</p>

  <p>Sigil 1.8.0+ is the result of countless hours of volunteer effort to create the fastest, most stable and powerful version of the best free EPUB editing software available.</p>

  <p>Jump right to the <a href="tutorials.xhtml">Tutorials</a> to learn how to use Sigil step by step. Or view <a href="whats_new.xhtml">What’s New</a> for changes in recent releases.</p>

  <p>Download Sigil from:</p>

  <ul>
    <li class="indent"><a href="https://github.com/Sigil-Ebook/Sigil/">The Official Sigil Website</a></li>
  </ul>

  <p>Help is available from other users and the developers of Sigil at MobileRead:</p>

  <ul>
    <li class="indent"><a href="https://www.mobileread.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=203">Sigil Forum @ MobileRead</a></li>
  </ul>

  <p>The Sigil User Guide includes documentation that will help you get the best out of editing your EPUB, including:</p>

  <ul>
    <li><span class="listheading"><a href="installation.xhtml">Installation</a>:</span> Installing Sigil on Windows, MAC and Linux.</li>

    <li><span class="listheading"><a href="features.xhtml">Features</a>:</span> A complete description of all of Sigil’s features.</li>

    <li><span class="listheading"><a href="tutorials.xhtml">Tutorials</a>:</span> Step by step guides for using Sigil to create your book.</li>

    <li><span class="listheading"><a href="faq.xhtml">FAQ</a>:</span> Frequently asked questions about Sigil.</li>

    <li><span class="listheading"><a href="contributing_to_sigil.xhtml">Contributing to Sigil</a>:</span> How to support Sigil.</li>
  </ul>

  <div class="tip">
    <p class="tiptext">You can <a href="https://github.com/Sigil-Ebook/Sigil/tree/master/docs">download the Sigil User Guide ebook in EPUB format</a>.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>